c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SpaceInvaders.exe
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SpaceInvaders.pdb
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SpaceInvaders.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\SpaceInvaders.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\GamePage.xaml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\SpaceInvaders.exe
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\SpaceInvaders.pdb
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\SharpDX\en-us\SharpDX.Properties.Resources.resw
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\SpaceInvaders.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\SharpDX.pri
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\SharpDX\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aleksandar\documents\visual studio 2012\MonoGame\SpaceInvaders\SpaceInvaders\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
